Pre-select product via query string (#544)
open-formulieren/open-forms-sdk: src/components/appointments/CreateAppointment/CreateAppointment.mdx

brings the user in a (mostly) fixed form step progression to select their products, appointment
details and provide contact details.

## Features

**Multi vs. single product flow**

The backend exposes information whether the enabled plugin for appointments supports multi-product
appointments or not. This drives the appointment flow - for multi-product appointments, you can add

> additional products and the list of available products is fetched while passing the already products

Reviewer: ```suggestion
additional products and the list of available products is fetched while passing the already selected products
```

to the backend - this allows only valid combinations to be returned.

For single-product, the UI is slimmed down a little bit to remove the multi-product controls, and
the "amount" field is fixed to the number "1".

**Pre-selecting a product**

> You can link to the appointments flow with an optional querystring parameter `product`, which should

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can link to the appointments flow with an optional query string parameter `product`, which should
```
It's two word in English.

have the value of a valid product ID. If provided, that product will be pre-selected in the list of
all products. Note that this only applies to the first product in the case of multi-product forms.

For example, the following URLs will pre-select a product:

- `https://example.com/appointment/?product=my-product-id`, for the regular routing

> - `https://example.com/#/appointment/?product=my-product-id`, for hash-based routing

Reviewer: Maybe instead of a wordy explanation 2 stories named Multi and single product flow, that show the two cases is clearer. E.g. it clears up whether multi-products is about putting multiple different products "in your basket" or whether it's about providing choice of multiple products in a drop down.

Author: These stories already exist: https://open-formulieren.github.io/open-forms-sdk/?path=/story/private-api-appointments-product-and-amount--no-multiple-products-support and for the full flow there is a an arg + control to toggle between modes. 
![image](https://github.com/open-formulieren/open-forms-sdk/assets/5518550/efe4b6ec-af69-457a-93ee-c96fcc9a9e4e)
